The Google Pixel Watch Is Official, and You Can Pre-Order One Right Now
______________________
 We finally have official details and a release date for Google's newest wearable: The Google Pixel Watch.

Today's Made By Google '22 presentation did away with any more need to speculate 
on the Google Pixel Watch and gave us a much more complete look at the new device. 
Technically, "devices" as it comes in two varieties: Bluetooth and Wi-Fi only, or Bluetooth 
and Wi-Fi plus 4G LTE.
Google Pixel Watch

Google

The Google Pixel Watch offers an always-on, 320 PPI AMOLED display for clear visuals 
with up to 1000 nits of brightness that's made of custom 3D Corning Gorilla Glass for better 
durability. And water resistance for up to 50 meters.

As for performance, it's built with an Exynos 9110 SoC along with a Cortex M33 co-processor, 
plus 32 GB of space and 2 GB of SDRAM. So it won't compete with your smartphone, but it's also 
not a smartphone itself.
Google Pixel Watch communication screens

Google

Of course, the Google Pixel Watch is also loaded with various sensors, much like its FitBit
 counterparts. Though specifically, the Pixel Watch uses an accelerometer, altimeter, ambient 
 light sensor, blood oxygen sensor, compass, gyroscope, a multipurpose electrical sensor, and
  optical heart rate sensor. So it will be able to track where you are and how you're doing on
   several fronts. And, of course, it has a built-in microphone and speaker, so you can use it
    to make and receive calls, texts, and other forms of communication.

You can pre-order the Google Pixel Watch right now through Google's online store (in Black,
 Silver, or Gold), starting at $349.99, with shipping starting next week on Thursday, October 13

 ------------------------
 
 The 8 Most Common Tricks Used to Hack Passwords
 ______________________
Want to figure out someone's password? Review your life choices. Learn how to protect your password from hackers instead.
Image Credit: SergeyNivens/Depositphotos

When you hear "security breach," what springs to mind? A malevolent hacker sitting in front of screens 
covered in Matrix-style digital text? Or a basement-dwelling teenager who hasn't seen daylight in three 
weeks? How about a powerful supercomputer attempting to hack the entire world?

Hacking is all about one thing: your password. If someone can guess your password, they don't need 
fancy hacking techniques and supercomputers. They'll just log in, acting as you. If your password is 
short and simple, it's game over.

There are eight common tactics hackers use to hack your password.
1. Dictionary Hack
top 20 leaked passwords 2016

First up in the common password hacking tactics guide is the dictionary attack. Why is it called 
a dictionary attack? Because it automatically tries every word in a defined "dictionary" against 
the password. The dictionary isn't strictly the one you used in school.

No. This dictionary is actually a small file containing the most commonly used password combinations.
 That includes 123456, qwerty, password, iloveyou, and the all-time classic, hunter2.

The above table details the most leaked passwords in 2016. The below table details the most leaked 
passwords in 2020.

Note the similarities between the two—and make sure you don't use these incredibly simple options. 
And for those wondering why this leaked password list hasn't been updated since 2020, it's simply 
because the weak, awful passwords remain the same, just in a slightly different order. Long story 
short, if you don't want someone to figure out your password, never use any of these.
top 20 leaked passwords 2020

    Pros: Fast; will usually unlock some woefully protected accounts.
    Cons: Even slightly stronger passwords will remain secure.
    Stay safe: Use a strong single-use password for each account in conjunction with a password
     management app. The password manager lets you store your other passwords in a repository.
      Then you can use a single, ridiculously strong password for every site. Google Chrome does 
      come with an integrated password manager, but standalone password managers are typically 
      considered more secure.

2. Brute Force

Next up is the brute force attack, whereby an attacker tries every possible character 
combination in an attempt to guess your password. Attempted passwords will match the
 specifications for the complexity rules, e.g., including one upper-case, one lower-case,
  decimals of Pi, your pizza order, and so on.

A brute force attack will also try the most commonly used alphanumeric character combinations 
first, too. These include the previously listed passwords, as well as 1q2w3e4r5t, zxcvbnm, and q
wertyuiop. It can take a very long time to figure out a password using this method, but that 
depends entirely on password complexity.

    Pros: Theoretically, it will crack any password by way of trying every combination.
    Cons: Depending on password length and difficulty, it could take an extremely long time. 
    Throw in a few variables like $, &, {, or ], and figuring out the password becomes extremely 
    difficult.
    Stay safe: Always use a variable combination of characters, and where possible, introduce extra 
    symbols to increase complexity.

3. Phishing

This isn't strictly a "hack," but falling prey to a phishing or spear-phishing attempt will usually 
end badly. General phishing emails are sent by the billions to all manner of internet users around 
the globe, and it is definitely one of the most popular ways to find out someone's password.

A phishing email generally works like this:

    Target user receives a spoofed email purporting to be from a major organization or business.
    Spoofed email demands immediate attention, featuring a link to a website.
    This link actually connects to a fake login portal, mocked up to appear exactly the same as 
    the legitimate site.
    The unsuspecting target user enters their login credentials and is either redirected or told to
     try again.
    User credentials are stolen, sold, or used nefariously (or both).

The daily spam volume sent worldwide remains high, accounting for over half of all emails sent globally. 
Furthermore, the volume of malicious attachments is high, too, with Kaspersky blocking over 148 million
 malicious attachments in 2021. Furthermore, Kaspersky's Anti-Phishing system blocked an additional 253
  million phishing links. Remember, this is just for Kaspersky, so the real number is much higher.
4 Images
kaspersky 2021 malicious mail chart
Credit to Kaspersky Spam and Phishing report 2021
kaspersky share of spam mail monthly chart
Credit to Kaspersky Spam Phishing report 2021
kaspersky top-level phishing pages 2021
Credit Kaspersky Spam Phishing report 2021
distribution of phishing organizations 2021
Credit to Kaspersky Spam and Phishing report 2021

Back in 2017, the biggest phishing lure was a fake invoice. However, in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic 
provided a new phishing threat. In April 2020, not long after many countries went into pandemic lockdown,
 Google announced it was blocking over 18 million COVID-19-themed malicious spam
  and phishing emails per day. Huge numbers of these emails use official government
   or health organization branding for legitimacy and catch victims off-guard.

    Pros: The user literally hands over their login information, including 
    passwords—relatively high hit rate, easily tailored to specific services 
    or specific people in a spear-phishing attack.
    Cons: Spam emails are easily filtered, spam domains blacklisted, and major
     providers like Google constantly update protections.
    Stay safe: Stay skeptical of emails, and increase your spam filter to its 
    highest setting or, better still, use a proactive whitelist. Use a link checker
     to ascertain if an email link is legitimate before clicking.

4. Social Engineering

Social engineering is essentially phishing in the real world, away from the screen.

A core part of any security audit is gauging what the entire workforce understands.
 For instance, a security company will phone the business they are auditing.
  The "attacker" tells the person on the phone they are the new office tech support team,
   and they need the latest password for something specific.

An unsuspecting individual may hand over the keys without a pause for thought.

The scary thing is how often this works. Social engineering has existed for centuries. Being 
duplicitous to gain entry to a secure area is a common method of attack and one that is only 
guarded against with education. This is because the attack won't always ask directly for 
a password. It could be a fake plumber or electrician asking for entry to a secure building, 
and so on. When someone says they were tricked into revealing their password, it is often the
 result of social engineering.

    Pros: Skilled social engineers can extract high-value information from a range of targets. 
    It can be deployed against almost anyone, anywhere. It's extremely stealthy, and professionals 
    are adept at extracting information that could help guess a password.
    Cons: A social engineering failure can raise suspicions about an impending attack, and 
    uncertainty as to whether the correct information is procured.
    Stay safe: This is a tricky one. A successful social engineering attack will be complete by
     the time you realize anything is wrong. Education and security awareness is a core mitigation
      tactic. Avoid posting personal information that could be later used against you.

5. Rainbow Table
md5 hash example logmein

A rainbow table is usually an offline password attack. For example, an attacker has acquired a 
list of user names and passwords, but they're encrypted. The encrypted password is hashed. 
This means it looks completely different from the original password.

For instance, your password is (hopefully not!) logmein. The known MD5 hash for this password is 
"8f4047e3233b39e4444e1aef240e80aa."

Gibberish to you and I. But in certain cases, the attacker will run a list of plaintext 
passwords through a hashing algorithm, comparing the results against an encrypted password 
file. In other cases, the encryption algorithm is vulnerable, and most passwords are already
 cracked, like MD5 (hence why we know the specific hash for "logmein."

This is where the rainbow table comes into its own. Instead of having to process hundreds of
 thousands of potential passwords and matching their resulting hash, a rainbow table is a 
 huge set of precomputed algorithm-specific hash values. Using a rainbow table drastically
  decreases the time it takes to crack a hashed password—but it isn't perfect. Hackers can
   purchase prefilled rainbow tables populated with millions of potential combinations.

    Pros: Can figure out complex passwords in a short amount of time; grants the hacker a lot 
    of power over certain security scenarios.
    Cons: Requires a huge amount of space to store the enormous (sometimes terabytes) rainbow 
    table. Also, attackers are limited to the values contained in the table (otherwise, they
     must add another entire table).
    Stay safe: Another tricky one. Rainbow tables offer a wide range of attacking potential. 
    Avoid any sites that use SHA1 or MD5 as their password hashing algorithm. Avoid any sites 
    that limit you to short passwords or restrict the characters you can use. Always use a 
    complex password.

6. Malware/Keylogger

Another sure way to lose your login credentials is to fall foul of malware. Malware is 
everywhere, with the potential to do massive damage. If the malware variant features a
 keylogger, you could find all of your accounts compromised.

    Lots of password-stealing software out there. Make sure you check your computer 
    with a good anti-malware program. &mdash; John Batch (@theflyingdoctor) June 10, 2020

Alternatively, the malware could specifically target private data or introduce a 
remote access Trojan to steal your credentials.

    Pros: Thousands of malware variants, many customizable, with several easy delivery
     methods. A good chance a high number of targets will succumb to at least one variant. 
     It can go undetected, allowing further harvesting of private data and login credentials.
    Cons: Chance that the malware won't work, or is quarantined before accessing data;
     no guarantee that data is useful.
    Stay safe: Install and regularly update your antivirus and antimalware software.
     Carefully consider your download sources. Do not click through installation 
     packages containing bundleware and more. Steer clear of nefarious sites 
     (easier said than done). Use script blocking tools to stop malicious scripts.

7. Spidering

Spidering ties into the dictionary attack. If a hacker targets a specific institution
 or business, they might try a series of passwords relating to the business itself. 
 The hacker could read and collate a series of related terms—or use a search spider 
 to do the work for them.

You might have heard the term "spider" before. These search spiders are extremely 
similar to those that crawl through the internet, indexing content for search engines.
 The custom word list is then used against user accounts in the hope of finding a match.

    Pros: Can potentially unlock accounts for high-ranking individuals within an
     organization. Relatively easy to put together and adds an extra dimension to 
     a dictionary attack.
    Cons: Could end up fruitless if organizational network security is well configured.
    Stay safe: Again, only use strong, single-use passwords comprised of random
     strings; nothing linking to your persona, business, organization, and so on.

8. Shoulder Surfing

The final option is one of the most basic. What if someone just looks over your
 shoulder while you're typing in your password?

Shoulder surfing sounds a little ridiculous, but it does happen. If you're
 working in a busy downtown café and not paying attention to your surroundings,
  someone could get close enough to note your password as you type, but it's probably 
  not the easiest way to figure out someones password.

    Pros: Low technology approach to stealing a password.
    Cons: Must identify the target before figuring out the password; could reveal themselves 
    in the process of stealing.
    Stay safe: Remain observant of those around you when typing your password. Cover your
     keyboard and obscure your keys during input.

Always Use a Strong, Unique, Single-Use Password

So, how do you stop a hacker from stealing your password? The really short answer is that
 you cannot truly be 100 percent safe. The tools hackers use to steal your data are changing 
 all the time and there are countless videos and tutorials on guessing passwords or learning 
 how to hack a password, or even just how to figure out someone's password.

One thing is for sure: using a strong, unique, single-use password never hurt anyone